[music]
9:00 a.m. in Beijing where China's most
important political gathering, the
National People's [music] Congress is
underway. Premier Lee Chang said to
deliver a speech [music] outlining key
economic goals and policies. That work
report uh did come through here just the
last couple of minutes. And there you
go. You do see President Xi sitting down
there waiting for that speech. But yes,
softening that growth target to 4 and
a.5% to 5% the most modest growth target
in more than three decades.
>> Yeah. Uh we're getting really the
outline [clears throat] of the targets
for the year. Uh we're still getting
more in fact headlines coming through
that markets will really be pouring over
as we go into the open and as of course
we wait for the premier to really come
on and deliver that speech and really
give us sort of the broader context of
all these targets taking place.
everything from your macro targets to
how the individual uh departments are
going the NDRC is talking about all
these things that matter to markets
right whether that's anti-involution
over capacity in the steel sector and
what they're going to do as far as those
specific priorities are concerned
>> and that growth target downgrade I think
it was widely expected that it was going
to be somewhat of a lower range uh and
really kind of the first downgrade we've
seen since 2023 uh but you know when it
comes to these sort of uh statements
it's it's it carries a bit more weight
it's not about an economic target. It
also has a bit of political sort of
statement here on where the economy is
going and really they're starting to see
that this whole old growth model of
investment property is really starting
to falter. So, you know, there's going
to be more significance on the whole
rebalancing of the whole economy more
towards consumption. We did get some
lines, but I have to say not too much
details as of yet on really how to boost
the consumption side of things, too.
>> Yeah. Uh we we'll get into all of the
lines in a moment here because this is
also taking place against the backdrop
of two related parallel stories across
the world. One is a global equity market
that is rebounding quite substantially
right now and juxtaposed
really against the turmoil taking place
uh in the Middle East right now. So
everything is coming together. Uh and as
far as what the market reaction to this
will be and has been so far as it
pertains to uh events in in the Middle
East. In fact, when you have a look at
where we are as far as markets go, we
are seeing a bounce of about 3 and a
half% across the Asia-Pacific benchmark.
A lot of that is have has to do with of
course this bounce we're seeing in
Taiwan at the open. Next coming up on
your screens also with the bounce we're
seeing on the Cosby index and Korean
stocks where you had the likes of
Samsung and SKH Heinix following the
biggest one day drop on record. We are
up 12% on that index today. Still the
pain point though as it pertains to
markets is really in bonds where you
have this yield pickup. Still the
inflation story remains a question mark
and whether or not we should and can
look through the supply side uh shock
that will probably show up. As you can
see on the left side of your screens,
the premier has just stood up uh from
his seat on his way to the stage to
deliver that. We'll bring you that
speech once he begins. Very quickly
though, gold futures coming up. Brent is
where we are. And it's worth pointing
out when you look at Brent prices were
up about 17%
from last week in terms of Shanghai
crude the energy prices in China in
remmbb up 40%. That's coming up on your
screens. A50 futures and the currency
markets are also coming up. U and there
we go. Um the premier of course is set
to begin his speech and against the
backdrop of a market that is rebounding,
stabilizing, but so far that's the only
place we're seeing that. Unfortunately,
the same cannot be said about the
situation still taking place in in the
Middle East.
>> Yeah. You know, where we continue to
see, you know, the clashes uh you know,
continuing here when you talk about that
US uh you know, submarine uh that
attacked uh when it comes to uh this
Iranian submarine, I should say, and
certainly there's a lot of questions
about uh that Iranian warship in
international waters and what this
means, right? It seems like this this
war is widening in some ways and still
no end in sight. Um, when it comes to
really what we're seeing in the MPC,
we'll get to the latest when it comes to
uh what Lee Chang is saying, but joining
us now from Beijing is David Dalqu.
Lee's a director at Chinua University
and a former adviser to the PBOC. Uh,
David, I'm sure you've been able to see
this work report. Um, obviously that the
big headline is is the growth target
here softening to a range of 4 and a
half to 5%. Does that make sense to you
and what is a signal?
Well, uh it makes sense because it
reflects two things. Number one, top
decision makers realize that uh we are
in a very turbulent uh times and it is
most important for the Chinese economy
to stay put to stay stable. Okay? Rather
than to pursue a rapid very rapid uh
rebalance. Okay? So stability is job
number one. Number two uh number two is
that the top decision makers realize it
is not the real GDP growth rate that
matters. It is the normal GDP rate that
is the uh the real GDP growth plus
inflation plus CPI. So today today's
target is CPI 2%. If the 2% can be
realized as opposed to uh 0% over the
past few years, then we will see a
Chinese economy growing at 6.5
to 7.5 nominal rate. That would be great
great improvement over the previous
years.
David, uh, David here, the I want to
pick up on that point. That's important
because one of our guests this week also
highlighted the fact that, you know, the
target should be nominal, not real. I
think that the follow-up question there
would be um, how confident can the
markets be that we do get from near zero
to 2% over the next 12 24 months?
Well, I I think we've seen a light at
the end of the tunnel because the the
real reason for the slow GDP for slow
CPI is the slowing down of local
government expenditure. Remember that
local government expenditure is uh
actually higher or at least of the same
magnitude of consumer expenditure. Okay,
consumer spending or consumer spending
is less than 40% of GDP and the local
government spends around 40% of GDP. So
what's slowing down the local
government's expenditure is local debt
and this uh is a key area this
government report will talk about. Uh it
will continue issuing special central
government debt to swap out local debt.
I think that's the right direction.
However, I think uh more more uh higher
intensity, more magnitude, higher
magnitude, more debt will be issued this
year and in if like if sorry more will
be will be planned will be issued than
what the report will is now planning on
>> they have in fact already outlined to
your point that's correct uh you know
what they plan to do as far as the
financing mix is concerned. Uh David,
before we headed straight back and
listened into the speech of the premier,
which I think I believe right now he's
recapping what the economy's done over
the last 12 months, is there any
specific part of this work report speech
that we're about to show that you think
a global audience should be paying most
attention to specifically?
>> I think that's the overall attitude,
overall mentality, a change. the overall
mentality the overall change is that
let's talk about the real economic
growth that is I mean real not economic
sense okay I'm talking about the real
impact of the economic growth let's
focusing on the demand side let's
focusing on public expenditure let's
focusing on uh welfare so that at the
end of this year uh the whatever number
4.7 4.95% will be more meaningful will
be more uh fruitful for the for the
participants the investors and the
consumers of the economy. So let's look
at something real not not uh not uh just
flashing numbers. Okay, that's I think
the change in the mentality and in the
attitude that's that investors should
pay attention to.
>> Yes. Uh as you say looking for those
sustainable growth drivers there. Uh Lee
Alquay let's hold that thought and and
let's now start listening to what Lee
Chang the premier has to say. Let's take
a listen.
>> 4% and 9.2% respectively.
While the output of industrial robots
and integrated circuits rose by 28% and
10.9% respectively.
New energy vehicle output exceeded
16 million units
and the number of electric vehicle
charging facilities topped 20 million.
A drop of 5.1% in energy consumption per
unit of GDP continue to
improve.
What we achieved in 2025 was indeed hard
one.
Rarely in many years have we encountered
such a grave and complex landscape where
external shocks and challenges were
intertwined with domestic difficulties
and tough policy choices.
The part of central committee within
court led us in meeting these challenges
with
pressing ahead with vertitude and
composure.
We firmly safeguard the China's national
interest on the international front. On
the domestic front, we focus on running
our own affairs well.
We prepared for the worst case scenario,
striving for the best. Not only did we
maintain overall macroeconomic stability
and secure new advances in high quality
development,
but we also
significantly bolstered morale and
confidence across society.
During this process,
we deepen our understanding of what is
needed to deliver in economic work under
new circumstances.
We must fully tap the potential of the
economy,
both provide policy support and pursue
reform and innovation.
both foster market vitality and conduct
effective regulation.
Invest in both physical assets and
[clears throat] people
and horn our own capabilities to
navigate external challenges.
Once again, it has been shown that
upholding the centralized unified
leadership of the party center committee
is the fundamental guarantee for
overcoming all difficulties and
advancing all of our work. It has been
shown that the Chinese people poses the
competence, wisdom and strength to
surmount any obstacle that lies ahead.
Last year we continue to enrich our
understanding of and apply seeking salt
on socialism with Chinese
characteristics for a new era. We also
fully apply the guiding principle from
the 20 CBC national congress and the
plenary sessions of the 20 CBC central
committee.
Acting on the decisions and plans of the
party central committee we did the
following work. First, we implemented
more proactive and effective macro
policies and worked to maintain stable
economic performance.
Early in the year, we took all necessary
steps to prepare for emerging and
complex and volatile situation.
In the first quarter, China economy got
off to a good start. From the second
quarter on, in response to new
development facing the economy,
particularly the impact of US tariff
hacks,
we fully leverage policies already in
place and introduced a range of more
robust measures to maintain employment
and economic stability. These steps
effectively cushioned downward economic
pressure and ensured the fulfillment of
major objectives for the year will
pursue a more proactive fiscal policy
and an appropriately accommodative
monetary policy. Government spending was
increased.
We also lowered the policy interest
rates and the triple R
consumer goods trading programs were
ramped up.
resulting in over 2.6 trillion Y in
commodity sales.
Total retail sales of consumer goods
topped 50 trillion yen
to boost effective investment. We step
up efforts to implement two major
projects.
Funding for equipment upgrades were
allocated and push use more quickly
driving a 11.8% 8% increase in
investment in equipment purchases. New
types of policy backed financial
instruments were introduced to guarantee
the development of the
realistic market.
Thanks to that the coordinate matters
we diffuse risk in small medium local
financial institutions help them to
deliver the result of these policies.
Second we pursued innovationdriven
development and continued to build a
modernized industrial system.
We implemented strategic plans for
building China's strengths in science
and technology.
Last year, China's R&D spending reached
2.8% of GDP
and the value of technology contract
transactions rose by 10.8%.
The integration of technological
industrial innovation picked up pace.
Transformation and upgrading of
traditional industry continued and
AI plus initiative continued to thrive.
AI industrial application gather pace
and the value added of core digital
economy industries exceeded 10.5% of
GDP.
Third, we further deepened reform and
opening up and ensured smooth flows in
the national economy.
We took solid steps to implement the
reform plans adopted at the third
plannary session of the 20 CDC center
committee. We implemented the guidelines
on developing a unified national market
issued an updated active list for market
access and we also gained active results
in the reform of SOE.
We also introduced mergers to boost the
private investment. Overdue payments
owed to enterprises were settled. We
took the initiative to open China wider
and also advance unilateral opening up
in a well ordered way.
Exports for the year grew by 6.1%.
Thanks to a new initiative launched to
keep for investment stable.
We have seen good progress and
islandwide special custom operations
were launched in the Hainan free trade
port. Solid steps were taken to advance
highquality button road cooperation
further boosting practical cooperation
in various fields. Fourth, we moved
forward with both new urbanization and
around the rural revitalization and
promoted coordinated development between
urban and rural areas and between
different regions.
In implementing the plan set out at last
year's central urban work conference, we
foster more than metropolitan areas and
also advance the people moving to cities
from rural areas
to grant them the permanent urban
residency
and the share of permanent urban
residents in the total pollution
population rose to 67.9%
and we also further consolate expand the
poverty alleviation gains and bring um
integrated with the rural
revitalization. The number of employed
people across those lifted out of
poverty remain at about 30 million.
We intensified implementation of
regional strategy and enhance
interconnected development among
different regions. Fifth, we ensure the
people's well-being and actively develop
social programs.
We adopted a new supportive policy to
stabilize employment.
We ensured stable employment for key
groups.
We advanced the three-year action plan
for boosting transparency education
and also continue to advance development
of that the community level schools
and the
medical service were improved and
covered. the grade two and the grade
three public general hospitals in the
Kongi level and we
see that the minimum basic old age
benefits for rural and non-working urban
residents were increased by 20 per
months. The private pension system were
implemented nationwide
and we delivered more extensive and
effective social assistance. Cultural
program industry were boosted. Domestic
tourist trips increased by 16.2%.
And inbound tourist trips by 17.1%.
We successfully hosted the nice Asian
winter games at the 15th National Games.
We also witnessed a strong surge in
recreational sports events and public
fitness activity. Six
We worked faster to build a beautiful
China and advanced green and low carbon
development.
We took solid measures to improve both
the quality and efficacy of air
pollution prevention and control in
cities at above the prefecture level.
The average concentration of fine
particulate matter fell by 4.4%.
Efforts to conserve major rivers,
important lakes and reservoirs were
intensified
and the initiative will launch to build
the green and low carbon transition in
key industries.
In total energy consumption, the share
of non fossil energy reached 21.7%.
China announced its 2035 nationally
determined contributions to response to
climate change demonstration our
commitment as a responsible major
country.
Seven, we continue to enhance government
performance and develop new and better
approaches to social governance. We
implemented the party committee's
strategic plans for conducting full and
rigorous party self-governance. Launched
a study campaign for fully implementing
the um eight point decision on improving
work conduct and strengthen efforts to
improve party conduct, build integrity
and combat corruption. We also addressed
point for amenities to lighten the
burden on those working on the ground.
We continue to build a law- based
government. We submitted 13 legislative
proposals to the stand committee of the
NPC and we also accepted oversight in
compliance with the law and handled with
careful attention
also uh launched a special uh campaign
um
regulating enterprise related
administrative law enforcement. We
refined the mechanism for ensuring
regular headways on key patterns in the
delivery of one-stop government services
and the three-year uh action plan to
address the root causes of workplace
accidents and in ensure production uh
safety was uh carried out. And we also
take active measures to crack down on
illegal and criminal activities of all
types in accordance with the law. And
all this has led to further progress in
advancing the peaceful China initiative.
In 2025,
we made new advances in conducting major
country diplomacy with China's
characteristics. President Xi and other
party and state leaders visited many
countries and attended a host of major
bilateral and multilateral events
including the China Central Asia summit,
the 32nd APC economic leaders meeting,
the virtual bricks summit and the
Chinese Ghana summit. Chan also hosted
several major diplomatic events such as
the SEON summit, the global leaders
meeting on women and the false
ministerial meeting of the China select
forum. We remained firm in opposing
protectionism and unilateral bullying
acts in upholding multilateralism,
openness and cooperation. [snorts] China
proposed the global governance
initiative and continued to promote the
building of a community with a shared
future for mankind and played a positive
and constructive role in addressing
global challenges and resolving regional
and international hotspots issues.
With this efforts, China made important
contributions to global peace and
development.
>> 2025 marked the conclusion of the 14th
5-year plan. Over the past five years,
the CPC Central Committee with Commer
King and its core has rallied the people
of all ethnic groups across the country
and led us in responding to the western
century coid9 pandemic and other
extraordinary shocks and challenges
and in securing major achievements in
the cause of the party and the country.
And this has ensured a good beginning
for our journey toward the second
century ago, China's econ China's
economy reached new heights. China's GDP
crossed excessive thresholds
topping 110, 120, 130 and 140 trillion.
We have registered an annual uh average
growth of 5.4%. Well above global
average. New breakthroughs were achieved
in technological and industrial
innovation. R&D spanning increased by an
annual average of 10%.
New strides were made in reform and
opening up. We made solid gains in
reforms
and in progress of unified national
market and all excess restrictions on
foreign investment in manufacturing were
lifted. People's well-being was elevated
to a new high per capita disposable
income increased at an average rate of
5.4%.
and a total of over 60 million urban
jobs were created. The average life
expectancy reached 79.25 years.
Fresh progress was achieved in
ecological conservation in cities at and
above preactor level. The proportion of
days with good or excellent air quality
rose to 89.3%.
China achieved the world's fastest and
largest increase in forest resources and
created the world's largest and fast
growing renewable energy system. China's
ability to save for security has
improved. Security capacity was
bolstered considerably and we held firm
to the bottom line of uh not having any
systemic risk.
Thanks to all your and unrelenting
efforts, we have accomplished uh 20
major targets, 17 major strategic
targets, and 102 major projects set out
in the outline of the 14th 5-year plan.
[applause]
Fundamentally, we owe
remarkable achievements to the CPC
Central Committee with Comrain King at
its cause. which has been at the helm
toing our course and to Hi thought on
socialism with Chinese characteristics
for a new era which has provided us with
sound guidance and to the concerted
efforts of the whole party the entire
military and the Chinese people of all
ethnic groups on behalf of the state
council I express my sincere thanks to
all the people and to all other
political parties people's organizations
and public figures from all sectors of
the society
>> [applause]
>> I convey our heartfelt appreciation to
our fellow countrymen and women in Hong
Kong and Macau special administrative
regions in Taiwan and those residing
overseas.
[applause]
I also extend our sincere appreciation
to the governments of other countries,
international organizations and friends
across the world that have shown
understanding and support for us in
China. [applause]
While recognizing our achievements, we
are also cleareyed about the
difficulties and challenges we face.
The evolving external environment is
exerting a greater impact on China and
geopolitical risks are rising. Global
economic momentum remains sluggish.
Multilateralism and free trade are under
severe threat. At home, we still face
quite a few problems and challenges both
old and new. Economic developments and
transformation. The task of
transitioning to new growth drivers is
formidable. Uh some enterprises they are
having difficulties running their
business and the government is having
budgetary
revenue uh issues
and there is still room for improvement
in the work of the government. Some
policies upon implementation have not
delivered as expected. Some officials
lack the ability and solutions needed to
drive highquality development. Some
officials have a misguided understanding
of what it means to perform well and uh
corruption still occurs frequently in
some sectors and localities. While these
difficulties are not to be ignored, we
still have every reason to be firmly
confident. The conditions underpinning
China's long-term growth and its
underlying trend remain unchanged
and China's
advantages of
political system and a
and the fact that we are a major country
demonstrating and we will surely open up
even more promising prospect for China's
development if we respond to these
questions in the right way.
Second, main objectives and major tasks
for the 15th 5-year plan period.
In accordance with the recommendations
of the poly committee for formulating
the 15th 5-year plan period for national
economic and social development, the
state council has drafted the outline of
the 15th 5-year plan for national
economic and social development
which has been submitted to this session
for your review.
I will now brief you on major indicators
and main objectives.
We have drafted
20 main indicators covering several
areas in the area of economic
development. We cover structure, growth
and efficiency,
in area of innovation.
There are al together three indicators
in the area of public well-being. We
have uh proposed
indicators covering employment, income,
education, medical care, health, elderly
care and child care. Altogether seven
indicators in the area of public
wellbeing in the area of green and low
carbon development. In a fields of u
carbon reduction and pollutants control
there are all together five indicators.
In terms of uh security there are
indicators proposed in the fields of
food and energy production capacity
with regards to major strategic tasks.
The draft outline set out the major
tasks in the following four areas. The
first is pursuing high quality
development. We want to consolidate the
foundation for economic development
centering on a modern industrial system
with uh advanced manufacturing as the
backbone to achieve greater selfres
reliance and strength in science and
technology. One must deliver advances in
original innovation and breakthroughs in
core technology. In the field of
advancing the uh beautiful China
initiative, we will further refine our
eco environment. Second, strengthening
the domestic economy.
We must remain committed to
exerting the uh inherent uh momentum
of the domestic economy. And we will
also focus on unleashing the great
potential of China as a great
manufacturer and also build a unified
national market and also revitalize the
um initiatives of all the uh market
players. We also focus on
induce circulation, make the most of all
positive market elements.
Advancing common prosperity for all.
We would like to build a child birth
friendly society, improve population
service,
develop education that meets the
people's expectations,
raise the average years of schooling
among the working age population to
11.7,
move faster to both advance the healthy
China initiative and build a country
strong in sports, raise life expectancy
to 80 years, proactively proactively
respond to population aging and increase
the share of nursing beds in elderly
care facilities to 73%.
Promote highquality food employment.
>> Chinese Premier Le Chang there
continuing with his work report and uh
we're going to step back a little bit
just take a look at mark the mo market
open in China here this morning to see
uh if if any sort of market reaction.
you continue to see, you know, you know,
China is joining in on this sort of
bounce that we're seeing across Asia. Uh
well, obviously when it came to the
growth target, it it was downgraded, but
certainly, you know, people were
expecting this widely speaking that 4%
of GDP when it comes to the budget
deficit, uh kept it at the same here at
record levels. So, uh does that mean
that sort of they're keeping the fiscal
tap still open here? So, we're still
looking at what that may mean in terms
of where spending could be. Uh but yes,
it seems like markets are at for now
taking it uh pretty well. We're up about
9/10 of 1% for the CSI 300. Shanghai
Composite is getting closer to that to
that 4,100 level. Uh still tracking the
Iran sort of situation and and you still
see crude markets are still quite
elevated here this morning. We're still
seeing 13% gains uh when it comes to
crude uh in Shanghai. And as Dave
mentioned, right, the moves that we're
seeing across some of the mainland sort
of oil futures are much bigger and much
more magnified in some ways. uh
potentially maybe a lot of questions on
what this means for China given the
exposure that they have to of course
Iranian oil and the like. Uh take a look
when it comes to the rest of for bonds.
Obviously there's going to be a lot of
question about you know the the amount
of you know debt issuance and the like.
We talked about uh that 1.4 trillion
when it comes to these ultraong uh bonds
there that they will be issuing 4.4
trillion when it comes to these special
government bonds. Does this add that
sort of supply risk? That certainly is
going to be something that the long end
of the yield curve is going to be
dealing with as well. so far taking in
stride. Uh let's hope and really when it
comes to large caps are doing quite
well. Capricorn tech is up one and a
half percent. CL is also up more than 1%
here. Consumption names like MDA group
are also catching a bid here this
morning. Uh which is interesting when
they talk about you know increasing
loans uh in the consumption space and
whatnot. Uh they did kind of cut a
little bit in terms of the quotas of
that tradein program which of course is
also expected as well. So no surprises
really so far in terms of the market uh
is concerned. Hanging is looking like
this. There you go. 1% gains uh and that
and we're seeing HStech now back above
that 4,900 level at least. Uh of course
we've been focusing on the tech space.
Um Xiaomi is up some 2.7%. HSBC we're
seeing a bit of a recovery in some of
these big uh large caps. Um certainly
we'll see right the the fix today was
688. Well right now the currency is at
68816. So a bit more on the stronger
side. So dollar's come off a little bit.
Um, but also there was that PBOC fix
that really did try to reiterate a
stable currency during MPC as well. So
that's at least is helping to keep the
gains when it comes to the remn. In
terms of what we're watching out for,
oil stock certainly in focus just given
the Iran situation. We talked about
this, you know, submarine that knocked
down this Iran warship. You talked about
how this could be widening to parts of
Turkey and the like. So certainly there
is still that going on. Oil stocks are
doing this here right now in China. I'm
guessing they're still following the oil
price higher. Oh, no. They're actually
heading lower here this morning. There
you go. Uh China Oil Fuel Service is
down some three. Uh defense stocks
obviously is the one where we, you know,
people said, you know, defense is still
kind of that bright spot given some of
the the geopolitical situation there. Um
and we're seeing a mixed picture, but
mostly higher this morning. Uh and
really those NDC lines, NDRC lines that
we got earlier this morning about, you
know, fostering uh you know, the biotech
industry, humanoid robots, seems like
those are actually helping as well some
of those sectors. Uh let's listen in
more with Lee Chang.
>> Social harmony and stability ODS will
ensure we got off to a good start in the
15-year plan period.
The main targets for development this
year are as follows. GDP growth of 4.5
to 5%.
While striving for better in practice
surveyed urban unemployment rate of
around 5.5%
over 12 million new urban jobs
CPI increase of around 2%
personal income growth in step with
economic growth
a basic equilibrium
in the balance of payments
green output of around 700 million
metric tons
a reduction of around 3.8% 8% in carbon
dioxide emissions per unit of GDP.
In proposing these targets, we have
considered
the need to leave some room for
structural adjustments, risk prevention,
and reform in the opening year of this
5-year plan period so as to lay a solid
foundation for delivering better
performance in the coming years.
The GDP growth target is well aligned
with our long range objectives through
the year 2035 and also in line with the
long-term growth potential of China's
economy. As favorable conditions for
achieving these targets are in place,
all local governments should in light of
local realities make solid efforts to
deliver good outcomes.
In terms of policy orientation, we would
like to pursue the
Grow progress while ensuring stability,
improve both the quality and performance
of growth, boost synergy between adopted
policies and new ones, enhance counter
and crossyclical adjustments and make
macroeconomical governance more
effective. We will continue to implement
a more proactive fiscal policy. The
deficit to GDP ratio for this year is
set at around 4%. The government deficit
is set at 5.89 89 trillion,
230 billion more than last year.
A total of 1.3 trillion of ultra long
special treasury bonds will be issued to
support two major strategies and two new
programs. A total of 300 billion special
treasury bonds will be issued to enable
large stateowned commercial banks to
replenish their capital.
This year
4.4 trillion of local government special
purpose bonds will be issued to support
major projects implementation replenish
hidden debt and also settle overdue
payments owed by government.
We will continue to improve spending
structure
uh make that the government spending
fiscal spending in a better way to use
the central government will increase its
fiscal transfer payment to local
governments in order to make sure that
at the primary level basic living needs
are met, salaries are paid and
governments function normally. And we
will further reinforce financial
economic discipline, strengthen budget
constraints. And strictly control
general expenditures.
Every scent we save must be spent on
solving critical development problems
and meeting people's urgent needs.
[applause]
We will continue to apply appropriately
accommodative monetary policy.
will maintain adequate liquidity. Uh the
increase
of aggregate financing and the monetary
supply in step with projected economic
growth and CPI levels. We will develop
new and better structural monetary
policy instruments, smooth out the
channels for monetary policy
transmissions and also get financial
institutions to boost the support for
cheaperities such as domestic demand
expansion and technological innovation
micro small medium enterprises. We will
continue to lower and kept general lower
level for the overall financing cost. We
will improve coordination between reform
matters and macro policies.
We will remove the bottleneck and
obstacles impeding economic flows
through reform and cultivate internal
growth momentum.
will enhance the consistency of our
micro policy orientation make such
policies more effective policies. We
would like to
place and introduced and they could form
the synergy and we will boost the
coordination among different policies.
We will refine the mechanism for
managing expectations to bolster public
confidence.
build a strong um unified national
market and uh build plans for income
increase for both urban and
countryside dwellers.
And we will also build
uh a number we will also roll out a
number of substantial measures to help
farmers to increase their
revenues and income. And also we we will
also allocate 250 billion worth of super
long-term national bond to
help the enterprises. We will also
allocate 100 billion uh special fiscal
financial coordination fund and we will
make the best use of
combined measures such as loan interest
subsidies, financing guarantee and risk
compensation. We will broaden the
coverage of coverage of low interest
subsidies for personal consu consumers
and service entities. And uh we will
also uh revitalize offline consumption
and uh
phase out uh illegitimate uh barriers
for consumption. And we will also
introduce uh for primary and secondary
school students in local work conditions
need the spring and autumn house uh
spring and autumn holidays.
This year
We
have a total of 755 billion
earmarked in this year's central
government budget for investment and we
will also allocate 800 billion yen
raised from ultralan special treasury
bond to implement major national
strategies and inhouse capacity in key
areas
and uh coders for local government
special purpose bonds earmarked for
project will be raised and placed under
separate management.
and uh
a total of 800 billion
will be allocated from the ultra long
special treasury bonds. This will be
driving the vitality of private sector
investments. Second, foster new growth
drivers at a faster pace.
We will upgrade traditional industries
and 200 billion yen will be raised from
ultralong special treasury to support
large scale equipment upgrades. We will
launch a new round of initiatives to
drive.
>> Okay. Uh we're we're trying to attempt
this balancing act between of course all
the consequential blueprints and the
details coming through out of the work
report in Beijing. This rally got taking
place across these markets and of course
developments over in the Middle East.
Stocks across the region are bouncing
and bouncing quite sharply today. When
you look at the benchmark, you look at
Taiwan that's come online this hour.
Korea of course from the 12% drop
yesterday is up substantially. Today
we're up 10%. So 3% to on both uh some
of the big movers in Taiwan just to
underscore that point. Uh Taiwan is up
four and the big movers are coming up on
your screens and also get you into what
we're seeing of course in Korea and very
very substantial rally in buying and
volumes into that market. Korea is also
a market that is coming off specifically
the worst day on record. We're splitting
most of the difference. Not quite there
just yet, but the big names on your
screens are up 12%. Samsung and also SKH
Highix. That's a that's your market
update for now here.
>> All right, we're just moments away of
course um from of course hearing a
little bit more from from Lee Chung and
that work report and we'll take a bit of
step back here and just take a look, you
know, given that this work report was,
you know, in some ways released to the
public before Lee Chungs began speaking.
So certainly it's given us time uh to
digest a little bit. Our very own chief
Malaysia correspondent Stephen Engel
joins us now. uh from Beijing uh to kind
of look through. You know, Steve, we got
things a bit early this time around. Uh
but it seems that most of the headlines
so far I is not too surprising. What
stood out to you?
>> Well, I think it's just the more
pragmatic approach that the Chinese
leadership is taking. They're not
throwing a lot of stimulus at what
essentially is a slowdown. Obviously a
prolonged slowdown, no doubt exacerbated
by the ongoing property crisis here and
also just looking at the longer term
horizon with uh them also ratifying the
5-year plan through 2030. uh they're
going to be go doing a transitional
approach to having more balanced uh you
know contributions to the economy
including from domestic spending uh to
increase that from the current 40%
upwards towards 50 over the next 5
years. But it's going to be a slow
transition to wean yourself off the old
cocktail of property, investment, uh,
manufacturing, and those exports. You
know, the record, uh, trade imbalance,
of course, that China has a trade
surplus as they shifted that export
destinations uh, not necessarily away
from the US, but diversified to other
markets. But they still of course after
a year of tariffs from the Trump
administration or nearly a year uh they
had those record exports. So there is a
transition period but there's also the
external shocks that could potentially
weigh on this economy. So it's not a
surprise because we expected maybe they
would take this range of 4 and a half to
5% GDP. It gives them a a lot of wiggle
room uh if the stresses on the domestic
economy and the stresses externally are
worse than they had anticipated. Uh and
it also lessens the pressure on the
provinces to deliver you know great
great growth at a time when their fiscal
coffers are still struggling. Uh, no
doubt. Uh, some of the words from Lie
Chong that stuck out to me because we
really want to kind of read how the
Chinese leadership is reading what's
happening abroad and in the Middle East.
He said we need to be cleareyed about
the difficulties and challenges and he
added that multilateralism and free
trade are under severe threat. So that
really plays into some of the points
that I just made. They are they want to
lower expectations. They want to lower
uh you know some of their expectations
on what they can deliver uh because of
the uncertainties that they have little
control over and that's what's happening
in the Middle East. But they have a lot
of stakes of course uh with the energy
supplies coming from the Middle East. I
mean there's a lot to unpack here.
You're absolutely right though Ivonne.
Uh the numbers that we got are not
surprising. They were right in line with
what a lot of economists are saying. Now
it's time to kind of put some more
meaning to those numbers on what Li
Chong is saying on how the leadership is
thinking because this is really that one
week where we get to hear directly from
them. We're going to get Wongi, the
foreign minister in a press conference
this coming Sunday. We're also going to
get the five top economic leaders in a
press conference this Friday. Uh and I
expect similar themes that they talked
about last year. Wongi will be a little
more strident. Obviously, he's been
outspoken on what's happening in the
Middle East, but those five economic
leaders, including, of course, the
central bank governor, they were sort of
reading from the same page, and they
said multiple multiple multiple times
last year about belt tightening. Ivonne
Dave,
>> yeah, you know, that's actually showed
up, Steve, in the form of the numbers
that we were largely expecting to come
in where they did. the I mean to the
point you're just making there Steve as
well I I'm really really looking forward
to what we're get we're going to get
from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs uh
on the ECO front the NDRC's also come up
with some lines Steve and this is where
I want to bring you back in because when
we get that them fleshing out how
they'll be able to do all of these
things did anything stand out to you
Steve on two areas the property market
and getting the consumption story going
>> yeah so I don't think there is a big
panacea a big pill that they can take to
solve the the issues in property. Um
it's a it's a you know chicken and egg
kind of situation. Uh do you cure the
property market to boost confidence and
household wealth to boost thereby boost
consumption or do you get uh certain
incentives out there to households to
first build their confidence and spend
despite what's happening in the property
market? I think the property market
obviously has been in a years'sl long
slump but there might be years more to
rectify the situation. That's why the
rebalancing push is so much more
important uh to not necessarily rely on
that and that form of investment uh
going forward. So the rebalancing effort
over the next 5 years in the 5-year plan
is going to be and Xiinping has already
mentioned it quite emphatically in two
speeches in December and also at the
lunar new year holiday that they must uh
you know put much more emphasis on
boosting domestic consumption uh as a as
a ratio of GDP uh and and rely less on
that investment in property and as I
mentioned exports as well. So I I think
at that economic uh leaders meeting on
Friday or the press conference, we're
going to get the head of the NDRC. We're
going to get the head of uh the finance
ministry, the head of commerce ministry,
the central bank governor, and the
securities regulator. Uh we'll get a lot
more details uh from them on this on how
the rebalancing away from uh relying so
heavily on property is going to go
especially from the NDRC, the National
Development and Reform Commission.
Steve, uh, thank you for that update.
Steve, of course, standing by for us
there outside. He's in Beijing. Keep
warm there, of course, where the
weather's actually plummeted. Uh, just
this week.
>> Snowing, too. Yeah.
>> Uh, it's really come down, hasn't it?
>> The um, so has the temperature of these
markets in as far as worries around
what's happening elsewhere in the world.
Uh, let's bring in Mark Cranfield uh,
who's with us right now, our M live
strategist of course in Singapore for
us. Mark, I mean, spend as much time as
you want on on this first question. Um,
anything that we can glean from uh the
work report in Beijing, then we can move
on to other things as well. Mark?
>> Yeah, I think for investors point of
view um everything is pretty well
telegraphed. Um the fact that you're
seeing uh Chinese equity markets a
little bit stronger today is the usual
reaction you get when the prime minister
is speaking. I I suspect there's a
helping hand there. Maybe the home team
is doing a little bit of work to nudge
things higher because nobody's really
surprised what they're hearing. There is
a positive in the sense that the they
talked about doing more on the
involution side and the talk about
robotics that certainly is positive for
the domestic market. Um the fact that
growth was lowered slightly that's no
surprise to anybody they were there
that's fully expected. So it's pretty
much business as usual, a cautious
approach which people have become used
to as far as the Chinese market since
the end of the COVID period. They've
taken a um a less aggressive approach to
stimulating their economy. There's one
brief off one-off period a couple of
years ago, but apart from that generally
take a cautious approach and
understandable when you see the the
global picture around them. Um but there
will be investors be looking for more
help on the consumer domestic side to
get more spending going there. The most
interesting thing today of course is the
yuan fixing that is a clear signal from
the central bank that even if growth is
going to fall slightly do not take this
as a signal you can go shorting the
currency. The message is absolutely
crystal clear. Very unusual for the uh
dollar you fixing to be set below trader
estimates. Traders estimates generally
are not a great signal of of where it's
going to be. You should probably look at
the offshore one more than anything. But
to have it set 20 pips below is a very
aggressive fixing from the PBC. It's do
not mess with the one. It is not going
to be used in any way to help you out
just because growth might be slowing
slightly. That's a very clear message
today.
>> Yeah. And I guess really kind of in some
ways countering some of the dollar
strength we've seen of late too given
the Iran situation. Mark, it's
interesting. Um, you mentioned business
as usual. Can I say that about Korea
now? I mean, I I think people are still
quite burned after the worst crash on
record yesterday. How should I be
looking at Korea now?
>> Um, look at silver, I would suggest. Uh,
if you think back to what was going on
in the early weeks of the year, we had
two clear big macro trades that were
going on almost hand in hand. Silver was
going through the roof. Korean equities
were going up with them. Silver cracked
first and we saw a significant setback
for that. It stabilized a bit in the
meantime, but I think that gives you an
indication of what to expect as this
Korean story is unwinding a bit here.
Clearly the market got way ahead of
itself. The the certainly that founded
on on certainly on some good things in
the sense that the the spending on AI
infrastructure is obviously very strong
around the world. benefits Korean
companies, but the fact that the the
market got so far ahead of any
reasonable valuations on a short-term
basis clearly is starting to come back
and bite people now. Now, the pain uh
and the the feeling that people will
have in in what's happened in the past
22 days, losing 20% or so in a market in
a very quick period of time, they're not
going to forget that easily. Plus, the
margin calls have been dramatic. They
will take a lot of people out of the
market. So just because we're rebounding
today isn't a really clear signal of
where we're going for the next couple of
weeks, I would suggest that we'll be on
a gradual path lower into the month end.
Particularly as we're coming up to the
end of the quarter as well. So for macro
traders who've been involved in this,
they've also got to take that into
account. Where do they want to be
positioned? Where are they losing money
in other places? And don't forget, this
has been a rough week for cross asset
traders. people came in with bond
positions ran the wrong way, dollar
positions ran the wrong way and to some
extent equities as well, especially with
Korea. So, it's been a very painful week
if you're a cross asset trader. So,
upside here for Korean stocks is
probably pretty limited and we'll
probably see them gradually glide lower
as we get towards the end of the month.
>> Mark, well, I think equity markets are
somewhat stabilizing today, if not the,
you know, go in fact going the opposite
way to the upside when you when you look
at some of these things. I I you know
one of I can't help but look at the bond
markets and that's still showing a lot
of pain coming through. Yields are still
up in the Asia Pacific and I wonder at
what point that inflation story will
again circle back to equity market and
start to bite us back there.
>> Yeah, you're right. I mean it's some
kind of a contradiction, isn't it? I
mean the bond market seems to be very
focused on the elevated oil price. bonds
are behaving almost as though um oil
prices are going to stay above 80 bucks
for some time. They're expecting an
extended period of angst in the in the
Middle East and that's filtering into
particularly long end of uh bond yields.
They also would expect higher defense
spending particularly in the United
States as they rebuild ammunition and
all they need for the for the war in
Iran. So investors are looking very much
at that and the impact on a on a global
basis and yet equity people seem to be
much more optimistic. I think we we've
talked about this before that um it's so
often that the equity market is very
short-term. People can have a a very
much um a horizon at maybe sometimes
just 24 48 hours whereas bond markets
tend to look at things a little bit
longer. Who's right? We'll find out over
the next couple of weeks. But also the
influence of retail investors as well is
much much bigger in uh global markets
these days both in Asia and and the
United States of course. And retail
investors tend to turn things around
again on short-term horizons. So you can
have a an impact today as we're seeing
in the morning. Korean stocks having a
fantastic morning could dissolve in the
afternoon as people change their minds.
But um I'm not sure that equities
equities and bonds are clearly not on
the same page. My inclination is that if
oil prices are staying up, bond people
have got it right. It will be
inflationary. That isn't going to help
equity markets over the medium term.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Granfield there,
our MI strategist joining us out of
Singapore. Uh let's bring you back to
Beijing there where the Chinese premier
Lee Chang is still delivering his work
report.
>> Increase the supply of regular senior
secondary school places. Enrollment in
quality undergraduate program will
continue to expand it. We will also
enhance the school capability
distinctive features. will also
to build that system that is schools, a
society and families collaboration
together and we will also make sure that
the students and young people realize
well-rounded development. We will
strengthen basic medical and health
services.
We will deepen the reform of public
hospitals to see that they better serve
the public interest and provide greater
operation support for Kongi district and
the community level medical institutes.
And we will also to optimize that the
position the function of the medical
institute and we will also continue to
ensure better medication continuity at
primary level medical institute and we
will promote preservation innovative
development of TCM
and the government subsidy for basic
medical insurance for r and non-working
urban residents will be raised by 24
grand per person and will continue to do
the central procurement work.
And we will also boost the high quality
development of innovative drugs and
medical devices so as to better meet
people's diverse needs for medicines and
medical services. We will improve social
security and social services.
Minimum basic old age benefits for rural
and non-working urban residents will be
raised by 20 per months. And we will
continue that the consistency of the
social insurance transferring to
different locations. We will also boost
the development of rural
the elderly care services and boost
development of the silver economy and we
will also carry out a project to boost
the rehabilitation service and for the
senior people and also that the people
with the disabilities they will receive
more support and we will develop that
integrated development of the childare
and the nursing services. We will also
to make better use of the resources and
also to provide social assistance by
tiers and in different categories.
We will better meet people's need in
terms of the cultural.
We will follow the core social values in
guiding cultural development and we will
develop uh the uh press publishing,
radio, film, television, literature, art
and other fields in promoting their
production. And we will also encourage
uh museums, public libraries and
cultural centers to open to the public
and improve the service system
for the public. And we will also develop
highquality cultural uh tourism and uh
develop a integrated business uh farm.
We will also
develop more um popular uh public sports
activities and nine accelerating the
green transition across the board.
We will step a comprehensive effort to
improve the environment and we will
ensure uh blue skies, clear water and
clean and we will formulate
um plans to ensure air quality
improvements.
The uh natural uh reserve land will be
comprehensively uh upgraded so as to
ensure clear sky and uh lucid water. And
we will also boost
the green and low carbon economy. And in
major uh fields we will roll out green
and low carbon development plans. and
the national uh lowcarbon fund will be
established to drive u
clean energy transition and we will
actively work towards picking carbon
emissions and achieving carbon
neutrality and uh the system will be
rolled out to control both the total
amount and intensity of carbon emissions
and uh the system for managing footprint
will be refined and The new uh national
electric power system will be improved
so as to accelerate the um construction
of small grid and efficient use of
fossil fuels, hence strengthening risk
prevention and mitigation and enhancing
security capacity in key areas. We will
work to stabilize the real estate market
and city specific policies will be
rolled out to refine supply and boost
demand. And uh we will take measures to
uh engage in reforms of the housing
providence and fund system.
And we will also launch a action plan to
improve property management services.
And uh we will also roll out some
additional measures.
Efforts will also be taken to diffuse
local government debt risks and uh this
includes diffuse hidden debt risks at a
faster pace and stringent measures will
be taken to prevent fraud debt
resolution.
A number of measures will be
adopted to diffuse operational debt
risks in local government financing
platforms and a long-term mechanism will
be established to conduct unified
government debt management. We will also
take active measures to diffuse
financial risks.
local uhmemes
will
be encouraged to uh get involved in
diffusing uh financial risks and we will
also strengthen early warning and early
rectification measures for risks.
We will safeguard national security and
social stability.
Uh we will fully apply a holistic
approach to national security and
improve the national uh security
governance and we will strengthen safe
uh production uh enhance the foundation
of uh disaster and uh uh risk relief and
in northern countries. We will
s for our infrastructure and emergency
response and other weak links
the social governance system will be
improved and we will support the uh
multimodel
dispute handling framework at the local
level and we will also build uh a
greater
and safer China.
With new circumstances and challenges,
higher requirements opposed for the
government. And uh we will have to gain
a deeper understanding about the two
establishes
and remain committed to the fall
confences. And to do well in terms of
two establishes and we need to
stay aligned to the CP committee with
commerce at the core and also we have to
be responsible.
Still with us is Chin Hua University
director and former adviser to the
Chinese Central Bank, the PBOC, David
Dawley, standing by for us still as we
of course uh unpack the message coming
through out of the Chinese premiere and
we'll be revisiting that of course in a
couple of minutes. Uh we're still not
we're still going through the speech
there, the work report. Uh Professor
Lee, thank you so much for standing by
and you've been of course familiar with
what's been discussed so far there. I
guess a a lingering question would be
just how what seem to be contradictory
objectives in terms of getting inflation
up and having a consumer that holds up
as if prices do go up and that former um
priority is is successful. How do
investors need to be looking at that
dynamic between China's ability to raise
inflation and the Chinese consumer's
ability to absorb that inflation?
>> Well, overall right now the Chinese
consumers are more able to absorb
inflation. Inflation is not a concern
for consumers but however consumers the
big big concern is disposable income and
also uh surprisingly the number of
holidays because in China overall the
households including uh uh labor are too
busy we are too busy we don't have time
to uh consume things I think China
overall has much less number of
practically in effect holidays including
in paid holidays, paid vacations. So in
this report uh the premier emphasis that
we will China will will increase number
of holidays to including including more
holidays for school kids so that their
parents can also go out with with kids
to uh have vacation to consume. So
overall to answer your question uh it is
the details uh of consumer expenditure
uh that uh that matter. Okay. So this
report is very pragmatic. is detailed
oriented rather than grand deer uh uh
giving you a grandeear and new direction
of policy uh of of new policies
[snorts]
>> and and I guess keeping that budget
deficit at 4% of GDP you know at a
record level that certainly does mean
that the fiscal taps will remain open
David and really you know don't I think
most as you mentioned earlier in the in
the show that don't let the softer
growth target fool you in some ways
because uh they they are still going to
have to stimulate this economy. I mean
what sort of policy measures are you
expecting then for this year?
>> Well well I was expecting uh a little
bit higher target of central government
debt. Uh this year's new issuance uh
plan issuance of new central government
debt is just around six trillion U uh
Chinese yen six trillion. Last year I
just calculated last year 6.2 trillion.
Okay. So this year is pretty much at the
same level of last year. I was expecting
frankly speaking a little much higher
target of new central government debt.
However, however, uh the premier said in
the beginning of the report that this
year's uh new issuance of long-term
government debt is partially meant for
local governments to swap out their
implicit debt and also for local
governments to pay back delayed payments
to local enterprises. I think the policy
direction is very good. Okay, that is to
uh to uh let local government spend more
money to let local government not become
uh a dragging factor of uh total
expenditure of the society. However, I
think the total level of central
government debt is slightly lower than
um many people's expectation including
myself. Um overall I think the the tone
the overall tone of the policy is
pragmatic. That is China recognizes the
turbulent times of our of right now and
China is trying to save some ammunition
to deal with even worse uh scenarios in
international economic and geopolitical
situation and also they are aware of the
challenges and issues uh now in the
Chinese economy.
Can I just ask then in so so we heard
some of the targets of course in the
work report will typically include
things like grain production to the
point you're making of being able to
ensure that you know the economy has the
things it needs I in the event of worst
case scenarios u I I need to ask you
about do you see any potential
short-term impact on supply side
inflation because of what's going on
Outside China, energy prices are up
substantially. Uh some of the contracts
I just had a glance at, you know, crude
prices in Shanghai have gone up 50% over
the last few days or so. Is that
something I need to be worried about or
can we look through that issue?
>> Uh there are two things I think we need
to watch. I think by far the number one
factor is crude oil. Okay. After all the
global supply of crude oil most likely
will will come down. Okay. Because even
though the OPEC countries uh have
announced to increase their production
uh still you know 20% or even higher
percentage of crude oil goes through the
the homes the homes uh uh streets okay
Iran is controlling that okay so we are
facing a shortage of transportation of
crude oil so most likely uh crude oil
price will go up and we're talking about
not the the the futures price been
talking about spot price and therefore
consumers all over the world including
Chinese consumers will face will face a
higher uh crude oil price and the
refined oil price, refined gas gasoline
price, diesel price that will translate
into uh higher prices in plastics, in uh
chemical products, in fertilizers, in
gasoline, in diesel, in logistics, so on
so forth. So that's by far the number
one factor of inflation. Uh second
factor a slow a smaller magnitude is
corn and soy beans. Okay. Because China
is reliant upon the foreign supply of
corn and soybeans. And corn and soybeans
are used in the Chinese economy for
animal feeds. Okay. When animal feeds
goes up in their price uh the price of
chicken, the price of pork will go up.
So not not grain not our grain however
is the animal feed. So these are the two
factors uh I think most important the
Chinese economy. So this year we will
see for sure a higher pressure of
inflation which to some extent is not a
not too bad a factor when these prices
go up it will bring up prices of other
things. So overall um enterprise profits
in China uh is are likely uh uh to go up
and in turn that will increase uh
enterprises to hire and to increase
salary to increase disposable income of
consumers.
>> Uh [clears throat]
we're just weeks away from this meeting
between President Trump and she I think
most people are are hoping that it still
is going on. I don't know what you've
been hearing
>> but what do you think the Chinese are
going to be asking for this time around?
just given the geopolitical situation
around Iran uh and as you mentioned the
transmission effect from oil prices that
could really kind of hurt the economic
recovery there.
>> Well, as of today uh if things go on
like uh today's so far okay I am
optimistic I still believe the the
summit meeting will take place. Okay.
And in terms of what China will uh
request I think two things. Number one,
number one, uh uh China requests that uh
uh the trade trade uh trade uh I think
conflicts or trade uh clash will not
escalate between the two countries.
Instead, the US side should show some
goodwill, good uh good attitude towards
resolving or toning down trade frictions
between the two countries. Okay. Number
two. Number two, I think more important
is the Chinese side needs the US, the
treat the the the White House to make
some positive statements about the
Taiwan streets. Okay. Taiwan Taiwan
issue. Okay. To make um whatever Okay.
Whatever statements that the the US side
should come up with, okay? Because
that's by far the biggest uh concern of
China, even higher concern than trade,
even higher concern than any short-term
issues.
All right, David, we gota leave it
there, but thank you so much, David
Dalqui, there, former PBOC adviser and
director at Chinua University. Uh, he's
been here throughout the entire show
here this morning really kind of
deciphering and going through uh what
we've been hearing from that work report
and what to expect in just a few weeks
uh between that meeting between
presidents Trump and Xi. We have another
big guest coming up here as well.
Tomorrow we'll be speaking with the PBOC
advisor and Peeking University School of
Development Dean Hangi Ping as we get
more details on of course MPC and the
economy. Hangi Ping joining us there
tomorrow.
>> Right. Uh just in terms of market
reaction, the lack of it or where it's
most pronounced, some of the NDRC lines
that have come through separately of
course to the work report that also came
out too. Uh and some of the market
reactions as you can see on your screens
right there we go. So everything from
biotech to um AI and robotics have been
underscored as still key extremely
important priorities of the government
and as far as support uh and
developments are concerned. uh the
broader read across these markets is
because we're seeing that then we are
seeing the Hangen index also joining
this rally we are seeing across the
region underperforming slightly but
that's just to say of course given the
day that we had yesterday in Korea it's
understandable that we we are getting a
bigger move higher uh in some of the uh
more uh stocks that have seen more
damage recently Korea's coming up on
your screens and I think we're now up
11% on that benchmark itself so we did
touch about 8% higher from highs. It's
It's very weird for me to say that we're
coming off highs to just 8%. We're now
splitting difference 10 and a half
percent there. Uh Jakarta coming online
and some of the stocks there of course
coming up on your screens and just very
quickly of course and hopefully this
next support level holds. We'll show you
so far we declined in November. We
touched that level. We did manage to
again see that bounce off that 100 day
moving average charts coming up guys.
Thank you. uh on MEIO country index and
does that remain the case in terms of
strong support? Uh commodity prices
though are still moving to the upside
which means we're not done with this
issue just yet. In fact, we're not
trading at 84 right now in Brent. As you
can see this recent pickup in commodity
price. When I say recent the last uh few
hours or so it's it's I wouldn't say
kicking off but it's really underscoring
the point that this problem is not going
away. 13% now on delivered prices of
[music] course in Shanghai. Plenty more
ahead. This is M.
[music]
Right. Um just an update here. Our other
top story of course remains the uh
ongoing
uh developments in the Middle East and
we're not hearing some reports here that
Iran has launched new missiles and
drones at US and Israeli targets. That
what we know so far in terms of just the
markets have not forgotten about the
story by the very least. Of course, when
you look at what we're seeing as far as
crude prices are concerned, we're now in
fact Okay, there we go. Yeah. Okay. I'm
looking at an energy board right now and
we are tacking on those gains right now
as far as crude prices are concerned.
Three and a half% on US crude right now.
>> Yep. And we are getting back closer to
Brent markets at what $84. At one point
we did kind of spike to 85 in just this
week. So uh it seems like as Dave
mentioned we are seeing parts of the
equity market recover but this is the
space where you're still seeing quite a
lot of that risk premium uh still put
onto these markets. Uh, President Trump,
meanwhile, has expressed confidence in
the US military campaign in Iran, even
as a timeline for operations and its
ultimate goals remain unclear. Let's
bring in our Bloomberg politics editor,
Laura Davis. There's so many ways to
kind of track this right now, but you
know, what's the latest that your your
team is watching out for?
>> So, we're essentially kind of in this
scenario where you've got a tit fortat.
Uh, you know, there are strikes going
both sides uh almost every day. Almost
keeps it hard to keep track of of what's
happening kind of on on the air strikes.
We did see a couple different
developments uh particularly in the
sinking of an Iranian naval ship by a US
submarine um off off in the Indian
Ocean. It was there for a sort of a
naval show with a bunch of different
militaries essentially a friendly event.
Um so this has caused um kind of a lot
of concern, you know, just about the
US's capability and where they'll go to
to um attack Iran, you know, very very
far from tan there. Um this uh you know,
uh has was sort of a sign of you know,
markets certainly reacted to this. we
saw uh you know just generally kind of
as you this may be more prolonged that
everyone's digging in deeper. There was
sort of on the on the flip side a
positive uh report uh at least markets
interpreted from the New York Times
yesterday that uh that uh Iranian
intelligence had reached out through an
intermediary to the US looking to sort
of restart talks. Uh the the Iranian
officials later shot that down uh
metaphorically. Um so unclear you know
exactly what sort of diplomatic channels
are open if at all. Uh the public
posture has been no talks from the
Iranians. Uh Trump until about a day or
two ago had said he would be open to
talks but now is saying that that time
has passed. Uh you know we heard from
Pete Hegsth uh the defense secretary
that you know this could be going on for
4 6 8 weeks. Uh you know really no one
is willing to commit to a timeline at
this point.
>> The what do we know about and just to
pivot to this other aspect of course
which is stranded citizens or stranded
passengers just more broadly as well.
What do we know about that separate
operation there?
>> Yeah. So there's uh been a bunch of
different flights, US charter flights
that have gone into the region to get
folks out. Uh you know, almost 18,000
people have been evacuated either
through those or through commercial
means. Uh but this really is a has been
a a political uh touch point here. Uh
and really caused a lot of anger uh from
you know uh for for US citizens in the
region because uh they were not told
that they needed to evacuate until after
the war had begun. By that point
airspaces were closed. They were then
told you should evacuate via commercial
means. for a lot of people that wasn't
an option and then the US government
came in and sent um flights. So this has
really kind of served uh you know sort
of a minor point of what is a much
bigger conflict um just a sort of a
signal that that there may not
necessarily be the the the planning and
the and the foresight that that people
are hoping from the US government in
terms of you know what's the strategy
here.
>> Laura, thank you so much for the update.
Laura Davidson there, our Bloomberg
politics editor here for for more on
what's taking place in terms of the Iran
war. Uh subscribers can read her big
take piece today. Of course, Trump is
shifting strategies uh risking this
chaotic global endgame. Check that out.
N I big take NI space big take
specifically on Earl Bloomer terminal.
[music]
Right, welcome back. We're about going
into the first hour of the cash market
[music] this Thursday. And as you can
see, of course, Chinese benchmarks are
joining this rally. Not to the extent
elsewhere, but it's still a decent
bounce, especially on the CSI and the
hanging index as you can see.
>> Yeah, you know, joining in on this sort
of regional sort of recovery as as Dave
has talked about here. Obviously, Korea
has leading that charge here today, but
you know, is the coast [music] really
clear. Um, you know, as as Mark
Crarfield told us, take a look at what
silver markets have been doing after
that crash. uh just goes to show we we
might not be out of the woods [music]
just yet when it comes to the volatility
around uh Korea and some of these you
know markets like Taiwan that really
have been uh quite heated there of late.
US [music] futures are there also
European futures have turned into more
of the negative side of things here. So
that's certainly one to watch as US
markets wake up there.
[music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break in just
a moment. And yeah, we are continuing to
see a bit of a recovery there when it
comes to the NIK225. We're up more than
2 and a half%. Same goes for the topics
here this morning. There is that
strength slightly coming back into the
Japanese currency, but as we've been
talking about when it comes to the safe
haven flows, the dollar has been quite
predominant in the last few sessions.
Now, we're taking a little bit of a
breather when it comes to the green back
here this morning. But yields continue
across the region. And of course, when
it comes to global bond markets, uh
quite elevated. We're up three basis
points for your Japanese 10-year yield.
>> Yeah. And you know, the bond market's
pain point. Look at Korea coming up now.
And as we transition there, it's really
this change in the narrative from higher
inflation prices to what that means for
central banks. And I think you've really
seen a very clean and clear shift in
Europe, which is a very good example
where gas prices are on the way up
because this time last week, markets
were pricing in the next move to be a
cut. It's now clearly a hike uh from the
ECB. Now, not the full hike, but it's
really shifted the expectations for rate
direction moving forward. Korea is also
interesting because I think Mark
Cranfield early on made a very good
point, right? the starting point for
markets coming into this week where
things were just not positioned for the
stuff that we saw. So whether that was
Korea, whether that's this, you know,
why did the dollar suddenly come back as
a haven play? Uh why wasn't gold moving
up substantially higher? It's
interesting given of course our starting
points. And in Korea's case, of course,
which is a market up, you know, I'm just
going to make up a number uh 50% year to
date and and I'm sure I'm not far off as
far as that that that's, you know,
that's not even an exaggeration. That
market's gone up quite substantially.
Yeah. And we're still up, right? If you
think about it, right? Um you're burned
but not as burned as as you know as
yesterday suggests, right? So certainly
there's a lot of questions about is this
sort of the turning point in this market
where you know were things just a little
bit too overheated to a point where now
we can be a little bit more selective is
is now opportunity is there value that's
emerging now here to join us a little
bit more as our next guest Sean Taylor
CIO and portfolio manager at Matthews
Asia. John, uh, I I'm wondering how
you're assessing all this here right now
and really what we've learned in terms
of markets this past week. What is the
right appropriate playbook now? Do I
have to go back to maybe 2022, you know,
when Russia invaded, you know, Ukraine
and around that time to to kind of
interpret the the price action that
we're seeing or is this all kind of
overdone in your eyes?
>> Um, no. I think there's, you know, a
serious situation out there that that
could cut cut off all all supply in in
the short term and that's obviously
worrying markets. So to me the key risk
indicators is watching where the oil
price goes and also the strength of the
dollar. we have had um on over the last
few sessions um coming back a bit today
um a lot of volatility in markets like
Korea in areas which I think were
probably overbought in the short term
and had a lot of leverage. So I think
you've seen that severe move down in
career which looks like it almost like a
blip in the in the run of career over
the last 12 months and year to date and
really driven by leverage and
interestingly I've people have been
buying into it. So people still believe
the story is strong but we do have to
watch in the is shortterm the oil price.
>> Would you have bought that dip in Korea?
Would you still be buying this dip? I
mean certainly in you are in New York
and we really did see that uh those
flows coming back in after that just
terrible day that Korea had on
Wednesday.
>> We've been pretty cautious on doing
anything in this volatility. Um just
wait and see is the answer. We like
Korea. We we're positioned there. Um we
obviously, you know, took a bit of a hit
over the last couple of days, but on a
year-to-ate basis, it's been one of our
most positive markets. And we don't
believe anything that's happened in this
volatility, David, has affected the
fundamentals. So, you know, a lot of
career has been driven by the
semiconductors. They still have very
good earnings growth. We have a much
wider exposure to career. We like the
industrial space which got hit and now
is picking up today. Um, and we we all
and we also like the the value up story.
So, there are sort of three angles of
career. It's cheap. And we are also
seeing that retail investors who have
record levels of investment in the US in
Korean retail investors are beginning to
buy their own market. And just to give
you a number, Korean retail investors
bought over $30 billion of US equities
last year, having bought only 10 the
year before. We're beginning to see that
come back as the value proposition in in
Korea appears.
We were just talking to our our
colleague about you know it's difficult
to be a crossasset sort of trader now
when I when I see stocks and bonds are
falling in tandem even gold's not
reacting the way that it has you know in
the face of all these geopolitics
you know how do you look at some of the
the correlations that we're seeing
across these markets here right now and
where is sort of that sort of safe place
to park now
>> well I think a lot of it on is to do
with positioning
and your safe place to park in a very
short term is something that's
underperformed. So maybe some of the
large caps in China or in India or in
Azan and also has some yield protection.
I'm talking from an Asian emerging
market perspective here. Um and you know
also currencies that that like that had
had sold off like the dollar. Um but I
think ultimately and that's a worrying
fact. It just means there's more
uncertainty. So a lot of its
positioning. I mean, we had cyclical
sell-off and an AI sell-off at the same
time. So, you know, a lot of the
commodity stocks have have been down
across emerging markets. They're all up
quite strongly today in the UK and US
session. Um, one thing that's worrying
is we've had this equity pick up now and
the oil price hasn't gone down. So, you
know, normally that that correlation
would would happen. So, I just think
it's a positioning over the next few
days and should revert back once once we
know really where fundamentals are. No
one likes uncertainty. This is an
uncertain period. I mean, the the at the
bottom line, um, we don't know what the
next administration will look like in
Iran, and that's a big question out
there that no one seems to be answering.
And I think the closer we get to that,
then more then the volatility will calm
down.
Well, the the optimist in me um so if we
we assume and hope that the you know the
war is far more trans transient than it
looks to be. So if assuming that goes
away, uh we're left with to your point,
you know, uh private equity, private
credit issues, uh there's the AI story
that continues to hit several sectors.
And then if you peel that back, you
know, the ultra optimist in me then sees
valuations at still very expensive
levels. Uh what's the appetite for
equities given all of that? And it's I
know it's very strange to ask an
equities guy that question, but what
what's your take from from your purge?
Well, I think the reason why the US
hasn't fallen as much recently is it
didn't perform. So, it's really been the
hottest areas of the market that have
come down. Um, I think that if
everything calms down and the oil price
isn't too high, so calms down from here
or stays at this level for a while. Um,
I think it won't affect in you know the
overall economic environment as much as
um the markets reacted the last couple
of days. Yeah, US debt is a worry in
terms of the level of government debt,
but the household in the US is strong
and the balance sheet of corporates is
strong and you know at the moment I
think the market is looking at things
like AI and say actually the capex is
there shortterm it's just a bit overdone
you know software underperformed
semis outperformed and the positioning
is very very extreme at both of those
overweight semis and underweight
software so there's a little bit of
rebalancing there I think in the last
six weeks that the you know the whole
talk is about diversification and more
people putting money internationally and
that probably got to a bit too too
extreme. I think there were something
like $60 billion into emerging markets
this year having had you know not
[snorts] really had flows in for many
years. So maybe things just went a bit
too quickly um in in that direction and
we're just having a little pause in
that. Um and then from an Asian
perspective you know I think growth is
still there. we still have the
possibility for rates to come down. Um
and you know we are seeing you know
markets like Korea
looking very attractive on a valuation
basis as long as earnings hold.
>> John um obviously what has been a big
sort of event in China this this week is
the MPC where perhaps you know we've
been talking too much about Iran. Um so
far the headlines don't suggest that
there's been that much of a market
response. I'm just wondering, you know,
a softer growth target, fiscal, uh, you
know, seems to be still intact in some
ways, but anything that we can glean
from a market perspective from this MPC?
>> I I think I think Ivon, when we have an
MPC which has been followed by the, you
know, the five-year plan, it's really
about detail. And so, I don't think
there's anything new there. I don't
think the market expected anything new.
I think a lot of, you know, China's
equity market was repriced last year. I
think we've talked about this before. We
had the deepseat moment, the private
sector um getting back in favor um with
the government and then better relations
between President Xi and President
Trump, plus good cash flows and cheap
valuations at the beginning of 25. Um
and now we've sort of had a pause in the
last quarter in China. It's been much
more selective. We've seen
underperformance from the larger caps,
the e-commerce plays. Um we've seen a
lot of money come out from the
government. the government's reckon to
have taken maybe 90 billion out of the
equity market in the Asia and that's
probably dampened things down and gives
them some, you know, ammunition to to
buy it back um later. Um on the other
hand, we've seen, you know, good news in
the the Hong Kong exchange. We've had
lots of IPOs. The pipeline's very
strong. Um some good quality companies
coming out. So, I I still think it's
it's positive for China. um what's
happening in the capital markets even
though the e the the economy is a little
bit damp. Um but I think people are more
selective.
>> Sean, thank you by the way for staying
up late. I know it's getting late where
you are in New York. So we truly
appreciate it. Uh Sean Taylor, the CIO
uh portfolio manager at Matthews Asia.
Uh coming up, we'll just in fact
continue the conversation there. Korea
specifically with CLSA joining us on
really their [music] take on just what
happened and that question is for
yesterday and [music] also what's
happening today. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right. Uh welcome back. Um we're up 10%
11% today in Korea. Uh gap higher. Uh we
were down 19.5% from Thursday. Uh just
to underscore the roller coaster of a
riot this equity markets been. Uh
joining us now to talk us through what
happened and what you do from here very
simply. Uh Jungman Shim, deputy head of
career research at CLSA. Jin, I mean for
the longest time we were looking for an
opportunity to not talk about Korea
because it was the market that people
were talking about day in and day out un
you know the war happened and this thing
in the Middle East of course things
really really kicked off and finally in
my head I was like okay finally
something else apart from Korea and then
Korea happened because of perhaps what's
going on in the Middle East. Where's
your head at right now given where the
market where you are?
>> Yeah. So um the foreign investors were a
little worried on what's been happening
in Korea. Uh it's just uh purely on a p
price action perspective because the
valuation itself was not that um
stretched in my view because the
earnings um um consensus earnings was
actually going up quite steeply on back
of the um semiconductor sector. Uh but
then you know the market itself was up
like 50% up until end of February. So
the foreign investors were tempted to
sell and then the retail investors were
crowding up on their um on their
positions especially on the um maybe
leverage trades for some of them which I
think got wiped out yesterday and um you
know foreigners were also taking profit
um because they were um still up quite a
bit um even until end of yesterday too.
Then I think now the market's kind of
coming back up where you know the
fundamentals are still resilient. Um if
the war ends um sometime soon then it
will probably won't have you know a big
macro impact on the overall global
economy as well as Korea too. So then um
I think the today's um price action
coming back up could be justified in my
view.
>> Okay. Um,
was this I mean you mentioned the war. I
mean do you think it it was solely the
war that kind of became the perfect
excuse for people to sell? And you know
I'm just going to want to gauge kind of
this unwind of some of these very
crowded trades when you take a look at
the semi stocks for example.
>> H have we seen the worst of it?
Um I think in the near term we probably
have seen the worst of it because you
know you know for instance when the
Russia Ukraine or um you know broke out
the max draw down from the from that
moment until the bottom of the market
was around 20%. And actually you know um
up until yesterday in just a few trading
days we have already seen that draw down
happening. So I think the market was
already you know much of it was um
factored into the price already. Uh but
then it's very difficult for the
investors to actually act on it because
the price action was so volatile.
Yesterday was the worst performing day
um of Cosby since uh its inception in 18
1980. So I think uh it's very difficult
for investors to do anything at at the
moment. But uh I would take it as a
buying opportunity rather than selling
out and think that Korea is going to
start rolling over at this point of
time.
>> Okay. That well that that's a good point
to make. So by by this dip people were
waiting for a dip to buy. The how much
of what happened and will likely happen
um is is down to market mechanics in the
piping, right? So this market has a lot
of options and ETF products tied to it.
In fact, some even bigger than the
market. And I wonder whether that
exacerbated the moves. And whether that,
you know, from a regulatory perspective,
do you think regulatory risk, you know,
because I I I can't imagine regulators
being happy to see their market go up
one 10% one day, 10% down another.
>> Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. So I I think um
to some extent it was driven by the
leverage products and also the retail
investors um you know because the
actually the margin lending of most of
the major brokers were maxed out because
you know the index have gone up so much
and retail investor participation have
gone up as well. So I was hearing that
single stock future um you know volume
was also increasing so that you know
maybe that also had a negative impact on
the way down. So on the way up and down
it's so volatile. So it's it's um it's
something that I think also think that
the regulators and the government will
probably not want to see. So maybe this
could be addressed uh sometime later. Um
and if this happens once again, probably
the government will um you know come up
with a measure on this.
>> Domin, it's great to have you. Thanks
for giving us a bit more uh insight
really on what's really going on the
ground there. Join Shim, deputy head of
Korea research at CLSA. And we have much
more on market analysis coming up here.
Gamma asset management uh there they're
going to be talking a little bit more
about uh what to do with markets also
[music] fidelities uh also patron is
will be joining us to kind of digest and
analyze a little bit more what we got
from that work report from Lee [music]
Chong as well. That's just ahead on
Insight with Hasslinda Amen.
[music]
Well, Goldman's Access CEO David Solomon
says the initial market reaction to the
Oman roar has been relatively benign.
Now, speaking to us exclusively at the
bank's Australia week event, Solomon
said that investors are awaiting more
information on the direction and
duration of the Iran conflict.
>> I don't see complacency. I just I think
there's a lot of uncertainty around the
direction of the conflict, how it'll be
resolved, um you know, what the offramps
are. And, you know, I think it's fair to
say when you look at markets, market
reactions have been relatively benign.
Um, and I I certainly could have seen
over the last couple of days, you know,
a little bit more volatility, but I I
don't think people are being complacent.
I think that market participants are
looking and trying to say, you know, how
is this going to play out? What's the
endgame? Um, you can see, you know, good
scenarios and more difficult scenarios.
And as they have more information in the
coming days, the coming week or two, you
know, I think that will have an impact
on risk premiums. So I think at the
moment what market participants are
really looking at is is this going to
translate through to things that affect
economic growth and activity
particularly energy supply chains. You
know so far I think one of the reasons
why markets are reacting the way they
are is they're encouraged that there's
you know strong support for trying to
ensure that doesn't happen but it's
uncertain. You don't know and um and
we'll see in the long run for portfolio
allocation and I know Peter Oppenheimer
Sharm Mosavari needed a call for our
wealth clients. You know if you have
portfolio allocation there's nobody
that's saying you should change your
fundamental portfolio allocation because
of what's going on. But for traders and
day-to-day market participants that
think about risk premia you know every
single day obviously they're watching
very closely. What about the people that
run big major global banks like yours?
Right. Do you worry about the lack of
predictability when it comes to policy?
When it comes to how this potentially
ends and when it ends, what's going on
with your Middle East operations, for
example?
>> I I I worry about a lot of things. We
run a big global business. We have an
extraordinary team. And, you know, I
think one of the things that we have to
accept is the world is a very
complicated place. There's always a lot
of uncertainty. There's always a lot of
nuance. Um but we have you know base
beliefs and how economies will perform
how the world will evolve and you know
we operate around that but we always are
prepared to risk manage and think about
downside risks and I think one of the
things you have to do when you run a big
large financial institution is that when
you know facts change or risks come up
you've always got to be prepared to
pivot to shift to derisk and you know we
run our business you know that way
always we run a big balance sheet and we
you know we think about that every day
but there's there's nothing while these
are very very significant events and I
don't want to diminish them in any
stretch. You know, we've operated the
firm through lots of very significant
events year in year out and that's
that's part of what we do.
>> Is it business as normal then for say
your offices in Saudi Arabia? Is there
still trouble going on? What's the
communication with clients?
>> That's that is complex. We have we've
got a significant number of people um in
um you know in those Middle East
countries and obviously first and
foremost we're concerned with their
safety um and you know we're trying to
do everything we can to support them and
their families. I would not say you know
it's business as usual in those markets.
you know, all those markets for all
businesses, you know, are operating work
from home and and you know, stay safe is
a first priority. And so, we'll just
have to watch closely, you know, how
things play out. And um, you know, we're
very very focused on making sure our
people and their families are safe and
sound and at the moment that's our
primary focus in that part of the world.
>> Do you think there is a bit of an
existential cloud over Dubai as a
financial center now? Well, you know, I
do think safety and security, you know,
matters and I I I wouldn't say I I think
it's a little bit premature to talk
about existential clouds. Um, but, you
know, if you're living and operating in
a place and you didn't anticipate this,
um, it's quite scary and it's quite
unsettling. Um, and so, as I said, our
primary focus is on the safety and
security of our people there and we're
we're working very hard to make sure
that we're protecting them and their
families.
And that was Goldman Sachs's chairman
and CEO David Solomon speaking
exclusively to Heidi in Sydney. So, um,
yeah, it's been a busy day. Obviously,
we've been tracking this rebound that
we're seeing across equity markets, but
really the MPC was certainly front and
center and and well, obviously, it's as
expected, right, when you talk about a
softer growth target of 4 and a half to
5%. Fiscal, you know, side of things
seems to be still at record levels at 4%
of GDP. So, you know, it it's not like
markets really reacted too aggressively
towards it. But there are some things in
terms of the nuances of what we can kind
of glean from it. The focus on
innovation, AI, you know, robotics and
biotech. I mean, these really hot
sectors seem to be reacting quite
positively to it.
>> Yeah. And and the fact that, you know,
some of the announcements were actually
that was frontloaded in terms of the
news flow really, I guess, underscores
the change of the tone, right? Yeah.
David Lee Alquay who joined us early on
said, "Fine, we have the numbers, but
focus on the tone. It's positive.
There's a recognition of the current
challenges. Uh and yes, it's a it's a
pragmatic work report is is how he uh
described that taking place. But yeah,
as one is pointing out, right, we did
get surprise move across some of these a
move rather across some of the sectors
involved. Robotics, I think, are coming
up on your screens. Chip stocks are also
seeing a decent bounce today, too.
>> Yeah. So, are we going to see more
dancing humanoid robots? That certainly
is going to be one thing to watch.
>> I'm waiting for a singing one. A really,
really good singing one.
>> Oh, okay. But I don't think that has
anything to do with dynamics of
engineering.
>> Exactly. They have to move, right? Um
yeah. Anyways, but that that's one thing
that we're watching out for. Um also
when it comes to kind of chip stocks
overall, uh have been doing quite well
here. Of course, there has been that
push uh when [music] it comes to R&D and
the like here. So that policy support
certainly is helping a lot of these chip
names here today. [music] Uh watching
Thailand markets given the sell off that
we saw yesterday. I mean at one point
we're down some 8%. So certainly we'll
see if they [music] join the frey here
in this recovery. India markets
obviously one to watch as well. That's
it for us here in the China show.